Update access.md (#17010)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/workflows/access.md

- provide an identity for workflow executions
- provide an identity for workflow [audit trails][1]

To create a service account for a workflow, you must have either the Datadog admin role, or a custom role with the **Service Account Write** permission. The service account you create adopts your role and permissions. For more information on service accounts and permissions, see [Service accounts][2] or [Role based access control][3].

#### Associate a service account with a workflow

You can dynamically create a service account for your workflow when you [add an automatic trigger][4].

1. Click the cog (**Settings**) icon.
1. Click **Create a service account**.
1. Select a role for your service account user.
1. Click **Create** to save the service account.
1. Save your workflow to apply the changes.  

When you run a workflow, the service account user resolves the connections defined in the workflow actions. Therefore, the service account user needs the `connections_resolve` permission. The Datadog Admin Role and the Datadog Standard Role include the `connections_resolve` permission.

#### View service account details

> To view a service account's details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Click the cog (**Settings**) icon.
1. Select your service account from the drop-down menu.

#### Remove a service account associated with workflow

> To remove a service account that is associated with your workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A few tools control access and authentication for workflows and their components.

> ## Workflow Identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workflow identity
```

> When a workflow is run, it can either run using the identity of the owner of the workflow or a service account associated to the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workflow can run using the identity of the owner of the workflow, or a service account associated with the workflow. By default, a workflow uses the Datadog user identity of its author.
```

> ### Owning a workflow
> 
> By default a workflow's identity is the Datadog user identiy of the author of the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Removing this heading and moving the sentence to the first paragraph

> #### Claiming ownership of a workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Claim ownership of a workflow
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">You can only claim ownership of a workflow if you already have all the permissions to use the connections that the Workflow requires as per the roles that you have.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">To claim ownership of a workflow, your Datadog user must have the roles and permissions required by the workflow's connections.</div>
```

> 1. Click on the clog icon in the top right of the workflow canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the cog (**Settings**) icon. 
```

> 1. Select **Take ownership of workflow** (_If you are already the owner of the workflow you will not see this option_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Take ownership of workflow**. This option only appears if you are not already the owner of the workflow.
```

> 1. Confirm that you would like to take ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Confirm** to take ownership of the workflow.
```

> ### Using Service accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use a service account
```

> A service account can be associated to a workflow which is the identity of the workflow when it runs. That means the service account does the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service account can be associated with a workflow and act as the identity of the workflow when it runs. A service account can:
```

- resolve the connections defined in the workflow actions at runtime
- provide an identity for workflow executions
- provide an identity for workflow [audit trails][1]

To create a service account for a workflow, you must have either the Datadog admin role, or a custom role with the **Service Account Write** permission. The service account you create adopts your role and permissions. For more information on service accounts and permissions, see [Service accounts][2] or [Role based access control][3].

#### Associate a service account with a workflow

You can dynamically create a service account for your workflow when you [add an automatic trigger][4].

> 1. Click on the clog icon in the top right of the workflow canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the cog (**Settings**) icon.
```

> 1. Click on **Create a service account** in the drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create a service account**.
```

> 1. You will be presented with the service account creator where you can use the dropdown to select a role for your service account user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a role for your service account user.
```

1. Click **Create** to save the service account.

> 1. Save your workflow for the changes to apply.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Save your workflow to apply the changes.  
```

When you run a workflow, the service account user resolves the connections defined in the workflow actions. Therefore, the service account user needs the `connections_resolve` permission. The Datadog Admin Role and the Datadog Standard Role include the `connections_resolve` permission.

#### View service account details

To view a service account's details:

> 1. Click on the clog icon in the top right of the workflow canvas.
> 1. Click on the name of your service account presented in the drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the cog (**Settings**) icon.
1. Select your service account from the drop-down menu.
```

#### Remove a service account associated with workflow

To remove a service account that is associated with your workflow:

> 1. Click on the clog icon in the top right of the workflow canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the cog (**Settings**) icon.
```

> 1. Click on the name of your service account presented in the drop down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select your service account from the drop-down menu.
```

> 1. In the **Service Account** model click on **Remove service account**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Remove service account**.
```
